Right.
That year was randomly killed
I was conquered by the entire force involved.
The fourth master is not dead.
What did you say?
Now the fourth master Lee
Under repair in the private villa of the Vuong family.
Take me to him.
Take your time.
Now your body still needs repair.
Wait until you recover, I will take you to see the Fourth Master.
How can I thank you?
Want to thank me.
Remember that year
Elder Brother Ta is known as the God of Strategy Zhuge Liang...
Now eyes are flying up.
I want to thank my brother for guiding me.
But not the wind.
So...
When does the wind come up?
When the wind rises
You will know naturally.
Hey classmate, what's up?
Ah Xu, come here quickly, grandpa, it seems he's been poisoned again.
Okay, don't worry, I'll be there soon.